README.md, before:

# multinational-retail-data-centralisation

## Table of Contents
1. Project Description
2. Installation Instructions
3. Usage Instructions
4. File Structure
5. License Information

## Project Description
Project to make the sales data of a company more accessible from one centralised location. The first step is to produce a system to store the current company data in a database so that it is accessed from one centralised location and act as a single source for all sales data. The second part is to query the database to get up-to-date metrics for the business.

## Installation Instructions
To install and run this project:

1. Clone the repository or download the files.
2. Make sure you have a 'db_creds.yaml' and 'local_db_creds.yaml' file so that you can access the database
3. Ensure you have Python installed on your machine.
4. Run the script using a Python interpreter.

## Usage Instructions
To use the program:

1. Run the script by typing 'python __main__.py' in your terminal
2. Once this has run you can then run 'database.sql' to make adjustments to the database

## File Structure
The project has the following structure:

- `__main__.py`: This is the main Python script that you run to run through the program.
- 'data_cleaning.py': This is the Python script that performs the cleaning of the different data.
- 'data_extraction.py': This is the Python script that performs the extraction of the data from the different sources.
- 'database_utils.py': This is the Python script that connects to the database and uploads
- 'db_creds.yaml': This contains the details to access the original database
- 'local_db_creds.yaml': This contains the details to access the database on the local area 
- 'database.sql': This contains the SQL statements that make the alterations to the table and set primary and foreign keys

## License Information
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Update to main files and readme

README.md, after:

# multinational-retail-data-centralisation

## Table of Contents
1. Project Description
2. Installation Instructions
3. Usage Instructions
4. File Structure
5. License Information

## Project Description
Project to make the sales data of a company more accessible from one centralised location. The first step is to produce a system to store the current company data in a database so that it is accessed from one centralised location and act as a single source for all sales data. The second part is to query the database to get up-to-date metrics for the business.

## Installation Instructions
To install and run this project:

1. Clone the repository or download the files.
2. Make sure you have a 'db_creds.yaml' and 'local_db_creds.yaml' file so that you can access the database in your root system
3. Ensure you have Python installed on your machine.
4. Configure your environment
4. Run the script using a Python interpreter.

## Usage Instructions
To use the program:

1. Run the script by typing 'python __main__.py' in your terminal
2. Once this has run you can then run 'database.sql' to make adjustments to the database
3. Each of the files in the 'queries' folder can be run to access the data

## File Structure
The project has the following structure:

- `__main__.py`: This is the main Python script that you run to run through the program.
- `data_cleaning.py`: This is the Python script that performs the cleaning of the different data.
- `data_extraction.py`: This is the Python script that performs the extraction of the data from the different sources.
- `database_utils.py`: This is the Python script that connects to the database and uploads
- `db_creds.yaml`: This contains the details to access the original database
- `local_db_creds.yaml`: This contains the details to access the database on the local area 
- `database.sql`: This contains the SQL statements that make the alterations to the table and set primary and foreign keys
- `queries`: folder containing the following file that each query the database to answer different questions:
    - `task_1_number_of_stores.sql`: How many stores do the business have and in which countries?
    - `task_2_number_of_stores_in_region.sql`: Which locations have the most stores?
    - `task_3_number_of_sales_per_month.sql`: Which months produce the most sales overall time of records?
    - `task_4_online_vs_offline.sql`: How many sales come online?
    - `task_5_percent_of_sails.sql`: What percentage of sales come through each type of store?
    - `task_6_revenue_by_month_year.sql`: Which month in the year produced the most sales?
    - `task_7_staff_count.sql`: What is the staff count?
    - `task_8_german_store_type.sql`: Which German store is selling the most?
    - `task_9_average_time_to_get_an_order.sql`: How quickly the company is making sales?

## License Information
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
